Update instruction for Unlimited (#34)
golemfactory/golem-wiki: Products/Unlimited/Basic-Usage.md

The latter broadens [Golem](https://golem.network) Network reach, because it currently supports just single machine nodes. With Golem Unlimited it would allow more complex components, such as a whole subnetworks.

Golem Unlimited offers three execution environments:
- host direct -- which does not provide any sandboxing, and requires application integrator to prepare binaries for every operating system
- docker -- integrator needs to prepare single docker image with application
- gWASM -- integrator needs to compile desired app to WASM target and conform to gWASM format

---

#### Use cases

> Most current integration for Golem Unlimited is [gwasm-runner](https://github.com/golemfactory/gwasm-runner/) which utlise gWASM execution environment and provides simplistic API that resembles map-reduce paradigm. It enables developers to easily implement simple applications and run them on top of the Golem Unlimited and also on [Brass Golem 0.21 and later](https://blog.golemproject.net/brass-golem-beta-0-21-0-hello-mainnet-gwasm/).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The most current integration for Golem Unlimited is [gwasm-runner](https://github.com/golemfactory/gwasm-runner/) which utilize gWASM execution environment and provides simplistic API that resembles map-reduce paradigm. It enables developers to easily implement simple applications and run them on top of the Golem Unlimited and also on [Brass Golem 0.21 and later](https://blog.golemproject.net/brass-golem-beta-0-21-0-hello-mainnet-gwasm/).
```

There are more integrations being prepared (outside Golem Unlimited team by with our support).
To list a few:
* [gumpi](https://github.com/golemfactory/gumpi) - [MPI](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Message_Passing_Interface) implemented on top of Golem Unlimited, utilising docker execution environment
* [Hoard Compiler](https://github.com/hoardexchange/HoardCompiler) - Distributed C++ compiler
for Visual Studio 2017 and 2019, which supports host direct mode only for Windows 10.

> Initially we have prepared plugins for two use cases that are right now deprecated:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Initially we have prepared plugins for two use cases that are currently deprecated:
```

* [Integer factorization](https://github.com/golemfactory/gu-int-factorization) - a "Hello
World" for Golem Unlimited 
* Mining - just to showcase the Golem Unlimited, not a industry grade minig solution 

> Here you can watch a short demo with above two: https://youtu.be/J0LBdg2j6Tk

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Here you can watch a short demo for the above two: https://youtu.be/J0LBdg2j6Tk
```

---

#### Use cases

> The most current integration for Golem Unlimited is [gwasm-runner](https://github.com/golemfactory/gwasm-runner/) which utilize gWASM execution environment and provides simplistic API that resembles map-reduce paradigm. It enables developers to easily implement simple applications and run them on top of the Golem Unlimited and also on [Brass Golem 0.21 and later](https://blog.golemproject.net/brass-golem-beta-0-21-0-hello-mainnet-gwasm/).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The most current integration for Golem Unlimited is [gwasm-runner](https://github.com/golemfactory/gwasm-runner/) which utilizes the gWASM execution environment and provides a simplistic API that resembles map-reduce paradigm. It enables developers to easily implement simple applications and run them on top of the Golem Unlimited and also on [Brass Golem 0.21 and later](https://blog.golemproject.net/brass-golem-beta-0-21-0-hello-mainnet-gwasm/).
```

Reviewer: Sorry I didn't see this before.
